Hello. My name is Tae-In Kim, who is in charge of the beginner class on HTML, CSS.
My Korean name is Taein Kim,
My English name is Max.
You can call me Max.
I'm not good at English.
Nevertheless, I'd appreciate it if you listened with open arms.
Let me introduce myself briefly.
I majored in Oriental BioMedical Engineering,
I worked as a full stack developer,
A full stack developer is a developer who handles both the front-end and back-end.
I’m currently working as an Android native developer.
What we learn in class is HTML and CSS.
It's important what you can make with HTML and CSS.
Create a homepage like Google,
You can create a homepage like Youtube.
You can't just make all these things with Html and css.
With just Html and css, we can only create information from our visible text and images and styles that make this information wonderful.
So, html, css, and other things that are made of various technologies, we can call
Web Application,
Web documents,
Website,
home page
We can call it these four.
In the old days, web documents had a tendency.
These days, it is more like a web application, with a variety of functions and services emerging.
Web documents, Web applications talk about the Web, called the World Wide Web.
The Internet is a global information space where people can share information through connected computers.
The web is not an independent technology
It's a technology that works with a lot of different technologies.
These web applications allow servers to print information over the Internet to the computers we use.
Here, information consists of HTML, CSS, and JAVASCRIPT.
We can see this in the web browser.
A server is just a computer.
It’s a computer running middle ware, database, web server software.
In our class, we will learn only html and css among these various skills.
We will finally make this homepage through class.
We will make a homepage that will be printed on the desktop and also on the mobile screen.
I think you can make it if you're interested.
Through this class, my goal is to make you have fun with html and css rather than to be good at handling html and css.
So, next.
Let me finish after learning about Html and Css.
Html is an abbreviation for HyperText Markup Language.
HyperText means that documents and documents are linked together.
If I click a link on a webpage, which link will I go to?
It means that the document is linked to the document.
This type of document system is called hypertext.
And that's why we call it WEB, where documents and documents, like a huge net, create a huge chunk of information.
markup language is a language that specifies the structure of a document or data using tags.
Tags are now used to represent the structure of the document.
This system of tagging methods is called markup language.
The framework of these tagging methods is called the markup language.
The tag of the html also plays the same role.
I expressed information through strong tag that I want to emphasize the World character.
Css stands for Cascading Style Sheet.
You don't have to try to understand Cascading yet.
The focus here is on Style.
CSS is in charge of style and design.
So because html delivers information and Css provides style, we can create these web documents.
Our class is open from 3 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Monday and Thursday in Madagascar time.
This is my email.
If you have any questions, please e-mail me here.
Then I'll see you in class.
bye bye.
The End.